# Inferential-Analysis
### This is the repository of Paolo G. Hilado for sample projects on inferential analysis that have been conducted through the course of his experience as data analyst. Those that are included on this repository works on user generated data rather than the actual data from his clients for purposes of confidentiality and ethics. 

### Scenario 1: Weight (lbs), Leaf Length (mm), and Stalk Length (ft) post test measures Comparison using Student's t-test and Welch t-test for Inferential Analysis. The research group is conducting an experimental study to check whether there is a significant difference between the control and treatment group in the weight (lbs), leaf length (mm), and stalk length (ft) post test measures. Samples for each group were determined via sample size estimation using power and mean, and randomization is considered in the assignment of groups.

### Scenario 2:Comparison of post test student ratings between Control and Treatment Group using Wilcoxon Rank Sum and Wilcoxon Signed Rank Exact Test. A research team is doing an experiment to assess whether there is a significant difference between the control and treatment group in the post test ratings of the students. The number of participants for each group were determined via sample size estimation using power and mean, and randomization is considered in the assignment of groups.

### Scenario 3: Comparison of User Ratings between Traditional and System Setup. The company is planning to replace the traditional setup with a new system. Prior to the decision, a team has been formed to assess whether such move will lead to a marked improvement in user satisfaction ratings. The team will assess whether there is a significant difference between the control and treatment group in the post test ratings of the users. The number of users for each group were determined via sample size estimation using power and mean, and randomization is considered in the assignment of groups. 
